>> Ifill: GOOD EVENING.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF .
>> Ifill: TONIGHT, WE DEVOTE THE
FULL NEWSHOUR TO COVERAGE OF THE
ISLAMIC STATE ATTACKS AND THEIR
AFTERMATH.
>> Woodruff: AS AN INTERNATIONAL
MANHUNT CONTINUES TO FIND THOSE
INVOLVED, WE ARE ON THE GROUND
IN EUROPE.
>> Sreenivasan: I'M HARI
IN PARIS.
A CITY IN MOURNING, BUT RESOLUTE
TO FIGHT THE TERRORISTS.
>> Reporter: AND I'M MALCOM
BRABANT IN BRUSSELS, THE SCENE
OF A MASSIVE POLICE OPERATION TO
CAPTURE ONE OF THE SUSPECTS.
>> Ifill: PLUS DISCUSSIONS ON
THE THREAT OF ISIS AND WHAT IS
BEING DONE TO TURN THEM BACK.
>> Woodruff: ALL TONIGHT ON THE
PBS NEWSHOUR.
>> Woodruff: A MASSIVE
INVESTIGATION OF THE TERRORIST
ATTACKS IN PARIS WAS IN FULL
SWING ACROSS FRANCE AND BELGIUM
TODAY.
THE DEATH TOLL STOOD AT 129,
WITHOME 350 WOUNDED IN
FRIDAY'S COORDINATED ASSAULT,
NOW CLAIMED BY THE ISLAMIC STATE
GROUP.
HARI SREENIVASAN IS IN PARIS,
WHERE HE BEGINS OUR COVERAGE.
>> Sreenivasan: THANKS, JUDY.
IT WAS A DAY OF REMEMBRANCE AND
RESOLVE HERE.
THE VICTIMS IN PARIS WERE
MEMORIALIZED ONCE AGAIN, AS THE
FRENCH BEGAN A FORCEFUL RESPONSE
AGAINST THE ISLAMIC STATE.
>> Sreenivasan: SILENCE FELL
ACROSS PARIS AT NOON TODAY.
AND ACROSS MUCH OF EUROPE, AS
VICTIMS OF FRIDAY'S ATTACKS --
WERE REMEMBERED BY MILLIONS.
INCLUDING THE FRENCH PRESIDENT,
AT A COURTYARD AT THE SORBONNE.
>> Sreenivasan: A SHORT TIME
LATER, FRANCOIS HOLLANDE WENT
BEFORE PARLIAMENT TO DECLARE
THAT FRANCE IS AT WAR.
THAT FRANCE IS AT WAR. >> (
translated): THE FRENCH
>> (translated): THE
FRENCH PEOPLE ARE ARDENT,
VALIANT,
PEOPLE ARE ARDENT, VALIANT,
COURAGEOUS.
THEY DON'T GIVE UP.
THEY STAND UP WHEN EACH OF THEIR
CHILDREN IS PUT IN THE GROUND.
THOSE WHO WANTED TO MURDER THEM
BY DELIBERATELY STRIKING
INNOCENT PEOPLE ARE COWARDS WHO
FIRED ON AN UNARMED CROWD.
>> Sreenivasan: ACROSS FRANCE,
AUTHORITIES CONDUCTED A SWEEPING
DRAGNET OF PEOPLE THEY SUSPECT
OF MILITANT TIES.
AND FOUND CACHES OF WEAPONS,
INCLUDING ROCKET LAUNCHERS, WERE
>> THROUGHOUT FRANCE OVERNIGHT,
POLICE AND ARMED POLICE, WITH
THE HELP OF THE CENTRAL AND
REGIONAL BRANCHES OF OUR
INTELLIGENCE SERVICES, CARRIED
OUT 168 RAIDS IN THE HOMES OF
PEOPLE UNDER SUSPICION.
>> Sreenivasan: AT THE SAME
TIME, A FULLER PICTURE OF THOSE
SUSPECTED IN THE PLOT CAME INTO
FOCUS, INCLUDING ABDELHAMID
ABAAOUD, THE ALLEGED MASTERMIND.
THE BELGIAN-BORN MILITANT IS
SEEN HERE IN THE ISLAMIC STATE
OPAGPRANDA MAGAZINE, BUT IS NOW
BELIEVED TO BE IN SYRIA.
IN ALL, AT LEAST EIGHT MEN
MOUNTED THE FRIDAY ATTACKS.
AT THE BATACLAN THEATER, AT THE
STADE DE FRANCE AND TWO
RESTAURANTS.
AT LEAST ONE ATTACKER CARRIED A
POSSIBLY-FAKE SYRIAN PASSPORT
AND MAY HAVE ENTERED EUROPE
6THROUGH GREECE,ITH WTHE FLOOD
OF REFUGEES.
MOST OF THE OTHERS ARE BELIEVED
TO BE FRENCH-BORN MUSLIMS WHO
MAY HAVE TRAVELED TO SYRIA.
SEVEN DIED IN THE ATTACK, WHILE
THE EIGHTH, 26-YEAR-OLD SALAH
ABDESLAM, IS THOUGHT TO HAVE
ESCAPED TO BRUSSELS.
WITH THAT IN MIND, PRESIDENT
HOLLANDE ANNOUNCED DRASTICALLY-
STEPPED-UP SECURITY MEASURES,
INCLUDING BROADER POLICE POWERS
AND BORDER CONTROLS.
IT'S THE THIRD DAY OF MOURNING
FOR THE CITY OF PARIS,
GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS, MUSEUMS
EVEN THE EIFFEL TOWER ARE
CLOSED.
PEOPLE AROUND THE CITY ARE NOW
THINKING ABOUT WHAT TO DO NEXT.
>>: CLOSING DOWN THE BORDERS
WON'T CHANGE ANYTHING, YOU KNOW
THERE'S ALWAYS - WE ALWAYS HAVE
REFUGEES COMING IN THE COUNTRY,
IN ANY OTHER COUNTRIES.
>> Sreenivasan: WE SAT DOWN WITH
49-YEAR OLD EMMANUELLS POHREL
OUSIDET A CAFE AS TRUCKS MADE
THEIR MORNING DELIVERIES.
>>: IF YOU THINK OF SECURITY ALL
THE TIME YOU BECOME CRAZY AND
PARANOID.
>> Sreenivasan: POHREL IS ALSO
CONCERNED ABOUT THE INCREASING
SCRUTINY REFUGEES AND IMMIGRANTS
WILL FACE.
>>: I DON'T THINK THOSE PEOPLE
WHO COME IN ARE TERRORISTS,
THEY'RE JUST GOING AWAY FROM A
COUNTRY WHERE THERE'S WAR.
>> Sreenivasan: THIS IS A
TENSION PLAYING OUT ACROSS THE
CITY AND PERHAPS THE COUNTRY,
EVEN AS YOUNG AND OLD VISIT THE
SITES OF FRIDAY NIGHT'S RAMPAGE,
TO PAY THEIR RESPECTS, TO
GRIEVE.
WHILE WE SPOKE TO BRIGITTE
FRAISSE OUTSIDE THE CAMBODIAN
RESTAURANTHAT TWAS STRUCK
FRIDAY NIGHT, HER DAUGHTER
INTRODUCED HER TO, ANOTHER WOMAN
WALKING BY.
THAT WOMAN SAID, CLOSE THE
BORDERS, WHILE MS, FRAISSE SAID
OPEN THE BORDERS.
IN A DIFFERENT NEIGHBORHOOD, WE
MET AN ANXIOUS 63 YEAR OLD
REALTOR NAMED THIERRY PREGUICA.
>> (translated): I
THINK THE
THINK THE WESTERN WORLD CRUMBLES
LITTLE BY
WESTERN WORLD CRUMBLES LITTLE BY
LITTLE.
I THINK WE'RE FACING A PROBLEM
WE DON'T CONTROL ANY LONGER.
>> Sreenivasan: PREGUCIA IS ON
THE SIDE OF INCREASED SECURITY
AT THE BORDERS.
>> (translated):
UNFORTUNATELY, TODAY, WE NEED TO
STRIKE HARD, BECAUSE WE ARE
FACING A VERY DETERMINED, BLIND
EMY,EN WHO HAS NO LOGIC, OR
RATHER, HAS A BARBARIC LOGIC.
SO TODAY, OUR ESTABLISHED RULES,
THEY ARE A BIT DATED I THINK.
>> WE HAVE ALWAYS UNDERSTOOD
THIS WOULD BE A LONG-TERM
CAMPAIGN.
THERE WILL BE SETBACKS AND THERE
WILL BE SUCCESSES.
THE TERRIBLE EVENTS IN PARIS
WERE OBVIOUSLY A TERRIBLE AND
SICKENING SETBACK.
>> Sreenivasan: PRESIDENT OBAMA,
AT THE G-20 IN TURKEY,
ACKNOWLEDGED ISLAMIC STATE HAD
STRUCK A MAJOR BLOW, BUT HE
DEFENDED U.S. STRATEGY AGAINST
REPEATED QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER
HE'S UNDERESTIMATED THE
MILITANTS.
>> WE HAVE THE RIGHT STRATEGY
AND WE'LL SEE IT THROUGH.
THERE WILL BE AN INTENSIFICATION
OF THE STRATEGY THAT WE PUT
FORWARD, BUT THE STRATEGY THAT
WE ARE PUTTING FORWARD IS THE
STRATEGY THAT ULTIMATELY IS
GOING TO WORK.
WE HAVEN'T UNDERESTIMATED THEIR
ABILITIES.
THIS IS PRECISELY WHY WE'RE IN
IRAQ AS WE SPEAK AND WHY WE'RE
OPERATING IN SYRIA AS WE SPEAK.
AND IT'S PRECISELY WHY WE HAVE
MOBILIZED 65 COUNTRIES TO GO
AFTER ISIL.
THERE HAS BEEN AN ACUTE
AWARENESS ON THE PART OF MY
ADMINISTRATION FROM THE START
THAT IT IS POSSIBLE FOR AN
ORGANIZATION LIKE ISIL THAT HAS
SUCH A TWISTED IDEOLOGY AND HAS
SHOWN SUCH EXTRAORDINARY
BRUTALITY AND COMPLETE DISREGARD
FOR INNOCENT LIVES, THAT THEY
WOULD HAVE THE CAPABILITIES TO
POTENTIALLY STRIKE IN THE WEST.
>> Sreenivasan: IN A VIDEO
RELEASED TODAY, AN IRAQI FIGHTER
WITH ISIL THREATENED MORE
STRIKES AGAINST THE COUNTRIES IN
THE COALITION, AND INSIDE THE
U.S.
U.S. >> (translated
): WE SAY TO THE
>> (translated): WE SAY
TO THE STATES THAT TAKE PART IN
THE
STATES THAT TAKE PART IN THE
CRUSADER CAMPAIGN THAT, BY GOD,
YOU WILL HAVE A DAY, GOD
WILLING, LIKE FRANCE'S AND BY
GOD, AS WE STRUCK FRANCE IN THE
CENTER OF ITS HOME IN PARIS,
THEN WE SWEAR THAT WE WILL
STRIKE AMERICA AT ITS CENTER IN
WASHINGTON.
>> Sreenivasan: AWARE OF THE
RISK, U.S. AUTHORITIES HAVE
INCREASED SECURITY AT AIRPORTS
AND IN MAJOR CITIES.
BUT THERE ARE REPUBLICANS IN
CONGRESS - AND ON THE CAMPAIGN
TRAIL - WHO SAY THAT THE U.S.
MUST DO MORE.
I WANT
TO FIGHT IN THEIR BACK YARDS SO
THEY DON'T FIGHT IN OUR BACK
YAMPLETD THAT'S THE TWO CHOICES.
>> THE PRESIDENT PUSHED BACK
AGAINST THE IDEA THOUSANDS OF
AMERICAN TROOPS SHOULD BE SENT
TO THE MIDDLE EAST.
>> WE ACTs IF THEY'RE A STATE
AND WE USE ROUTINE MILITARY
TACTICS THAT ARE DESIGNED TO
FIGHT A STATE ATTACKING ANOTHER
STATE.
THAT'S NOT WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
THESE ARE KILLERS.
KILLERS WITH FANTASIES OF GLORY
WHO ARE VERY SAVVY WHEN IT COMES
TO SOCIAL MEDIA AND ARE ABLE TO
INFILTRATE THE MINDS OF NOT JUST
IRAQIS OR SYRIANS BUT
DISAFFECTED INDIVIDUALS AROUND
THE WORLD.
AND WHEN THEY ACTIVATE THOSE
INDIVIDUALS, THOSE INDIVIDUALS
CAN DO A LOT OF DAMAGE.
>> Sreenivasan: PARIS WAS THE
LATEST DEMONSTRATION OF THAT
DAMAGE, INDICATING A POSSIBLE
STRATEGIC SHIFT OUTSIDE THE
GROUP'S SELF-PROCLAIMED
"CALIPHATE", INCLUDING THE
SUSPECTED BOMBINING OF A RUSSIAN
AIRLINER OVER EGYPT'S SINAI
PENINSULA THAT KILLED MORE THAN
200, SUICIDE BOMBINGS IN BEIRUT
SUBURBS LAST WEEK THAT KILLED
MORE THAN 40, AND ATTACKS IN
TURKEY AND TUNISIA THAT KILLED
NEARLY 200 PEOPLE.
FRANCE IS ALREADY RESPONDING TO
FRIDAY'S ATTACKS WITH INTENSE
NEW AIR STRIKES IN SYRIA,
TARGETING RAQQA, THE CITY THE
ISLAMIC STATE USES AS ITS
CAPITAL, AND BASED ON
AND TONIGHT IN PARIS, AFTER
STANDING DARKENED FOR TWO
NIGHTS, THE EIFFEL TOWER IS
AGAIN LIT.
NOW IN THE RED, WHITE AND BLUE
OF THE FRENCH "TRI-COLOUR" FLAG,
ITS SPOTLIGHT SHINING ACROSS A
TENSE AND GRIEVING CITY.
>> Sreenivasan: JUST A FEW HOURS
NORTH OF ME IN BELGIUM,
AUTHORITIES WERE ON THE HUNT
TODAY FOR ONE OF THE SUSPECTS IN
THE PARIS ATTACKS AND MORE
CLUES, CONDUCTING A SERIES OF
RAIDS.
NEWSHOUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT
MALCOLM BRABANT HAS THIS REPORT
FROM BRUSSELS.
>> Reporter: IT WAS LATE MORNING
WHEN EXPLOSIONS ERUPTED IN THE
BRUSSELS NEIGHBORHOOD OF
MOLENBEEK.
MASKED AND HEAVILY ARMED POLICE
SURROUNDED THE SUSPECTED HIDEOUT
OF A MAN WANTED IN CONNECTION
WITH THE PARIS ATTACKS.
>> Reporter: THEY WERE IN
ACTION, I SAW THE POLICE RUSHING
IN, THEY PUT THE BARRIERS IN
PLACE, I WAS WONDERING WHAT WAS
GOING ON, THEN THEY PUSHED
EVERYONE AWAY, THEY ASKED US NOT
TO GO OUTSIDE.
>> Reporter: COMMANDOS
EVENTUALLY ENTERED THE BESIEGED
HOUSE THROUGH THE ROOF, BUT CAME
UP EMPTY.
THEY'D BEEN LOOKING FOR SALEH
ABDESLAM, A 26-YEAR-OLD
FRENCHMAN LIVING IN THE BELGIAN
CAPITAL.
HE BEE'SN IDENTIFIED AS THE
DRIVER OF A RENTAL CAR
THAT DROPPED ATTACKERS OFF AT
THE BATACLAN CONCERT HALL IN
PARIS, FRIDAY NIGHT.
SALEH'S BROTHER, BRAHIM, BLEW
HIMSELF UP OUTSIDE ONE OF THE
PARIS RESTAURANTS THAT CAME
UNDER ASSAULT.
A THIRD BROTHER WAS ONE OF FIVE
PEOPLE ARRESTED OVER THE WEEKEND
IN BELGIUM, BUT RELEASED.
MOHAMMAD ABDESLAM SAYS HIS
FAMILY IS AT A LOSS.
FAMILY IS AT A LOSS. >> (
translated): I CANNOT
>> (translated
): I CANNOT
TELL YOU WHY, I CANNOT TELL YOU
HOW THEY DID WHAT THEY DID.
WE ARE AN OPEN MINDED FAMILY, WE
NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEM WITH
JUSTICE, AND YOU ALSO MUST
UNDERSTAND THAT BECAUSE OF THE
TRAGEDY, MY PARENTS ARE IN
SHOCK, AND THEY DON'T QUITE
REALIZE WHAT HAS HAPPENED.
>> Reporter: AT LEAST ONE
NEIGHBOR ALSO EXPRESSED SHOCK,
SAYING SHE HAD "NO PROBLEMS WITH
THIS KID."
THIS KID." >> (
translated): WHAT DO I
>> (translated):
WHAT DO I THINK OF IT?
THINK OF IT?
I'M SURE HE HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH THIS BECAUSE I'VE KNOWN
THIS KID FOR YEARS.
HE USED TO PLAY HERE WITH THE
YOUTH.
HE'S A CALM BOY, HE DIDN'T EVEN
SMOKE CIGARETTES.
HE WAS COOL WITH EVERYBODY.
WE HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH THIS
KID.
HE WOULD ALWAYS SAY HELLO,
ALWAYS POLITE, WELL BROUGHT UP,
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
>> Reporter: THERE'S FRUSTRATION
IN BRUSSELS TONIGHT THAT SALEH
ABSELSALAM IS STILL ON THE
LOOSE.
THE ANGUISH IS COMPOUNDED BY THE
FACT THAT POLICE STOPPED HIM ON
THE WAY FROM PARIS TO BELGIUM ON
FRIDAY NIGHT, DIDN'T REALIZE HIS
SIGNIFICANCE AND LET HIM GO.
THIS CITY IS REGARDED AS THE
JIHADI CAPITAL OF EUROPE, AND SO
THERE IS A NETWORK THAT COU BELD
PROTECTING HIM HERE.
MORE RAIDS ARE ANTICIPATED.
TWO OTHER BELGIAN MEN HAVE BEEN
ARRESTED AND CHARGED WITH BEING
PART OF A TERROR GROUP.
ALL ARE FROM MOLENBEEK, A POOR
DISTRICT THAT'S HOME TO MANY
MUSLIM IMMIGRANTS, AND ALSO,
HOME TO SEVERAL ALLEGED TERROR
PLOTS IN RECENT YEARS.
BILAL BENYAICH, A BELGIAN
RADICALISM EXPERT, SAYS THE
SUBURB HAS A DARK EXTREMIST
UNDERBELLY.
>> WE ARE TALKING ABOUT SEVERAL
HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE, MOST OF THEM
WERE ACTIVATED-- OR A LOT OF
THEM WERE ACTIVATED-- DURING THE
SYRIA CRISIS A ND ARE FIGHTING
NOW OR HAVE FOUGHT IN SYRIA.
BUT THE PROBLEM NOWADAYS IS THAT
THESE RADICALS AND THAT THESE
VIOLENT EXTREMISTS WENT RATHER
UNDERGROUND.
>> Reporter: IN THE BELGIAN
PARLIAMENT, CENTER RIGHT
OPPOSITION M.P. GEORGES
DALLEMAGNE BLAMES THE PRESENCE
OF RADICALISM IN BRUSSELS ON
HATEFUL PREACHING BY SAUDI
IMAMS.
>> SINCE DECADES, THERE HAVE
BEEN AN ACTIVE GROUP OF PEOPLE
COMING FROM SAUDI ARABIA WHO ARE
CALIPHIST AND WHO HAVE HAD QUITE
A HUGE IMPACT ON SOME OF THE
MUSLIMS, MEMBERS OF MUSLIM
COMMUNITY HERE IN BRUSSELS WHO
HAVE DEVELOPED RADICAL OPINION
AND SOMETIMES WHO HAVE SUPPORTED
TERROR AND VIOLENCE.
>> Reporter: WHAT DO YOU THINK
BELGIUM NEEDS TO DO NOW?
>> I THINK FIRST, WE HAVE TO BE
VERY DRASTIC ON PEOPLE COMING
BACK FROM SYRIA.
I THINK THOSE PEOPLE NEED TO,
NOT TO CIRCULATE FREELY IN
EUROPE.
>> Reporter: BELGIUM'S, AND
MOLENBEEK'S, LINK TO THE ATTACKS
ALSO EXTENDS TO THE MAN NOW
BEING CALLED THE MASTERMIND OF
THE PLOT.
ABDELHAMID ABAAOUD, A 27-YEAR-
OLD BELGIAN NATIONAL, IS
BELIEVED TO BE IN SYRIA.
HE'S ALSO BEEN TIED TO AN
EARLIER TRAIN ATTACK IN FRANCE
THAT SEVERAL AMERICANS HELPED
THWART.
NOW, A FRENCH POLICE UNION IS
CALLING FOR MOLENBEEK TO COME
UNDER E.U. SECURITY CONTROL.
THEY SAY THE BELGIAN GOVERNMENT
HAS CEDED THE AREA TO THE
ISLAMIC STATE CONTROL.
>> Woodruff: JOINING US TO
DISCUSS THE ATTACKS AND
AFTERMATH AND REACTION IS MALCOM
BRABANT.
HARI SREENIVASAN IS WITH US IN
PARIS AND CHIEF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
COVENANT MARGARET WARNER JOINS
US HERE IN WASHINGTON.
THERE IS A STATE OF WAR IN
FRANCE.
YOU'RE ON THE STREETS, MEMORIALS
ARE BEHIND YOU.
WHAT IS THE SENSE OF THE MOOD
THERE?
IS IT RESOLVE?
IS IT FRIGHT?
>> IT IS A BIT OF BOTH.
THERE IS A SERIOUS SENSE OF
GRIEF BUT THERE IS A TREMENDOUS
UNDERCURRENT OF ANGER YOU CAN
HEAR IN PEOPLE HERE.
THEY'RE A LITTLE CONFUSED ABOUT
WHAT TO DO.
YOU CAN'T TAKE OUT THE HEART OF
FRANCE WHICH HAS THE NATURE TO
TAKE PEOPLE IN, THE REFUGEES IN
AND AT THE SAME TIME YOU FEEL
SOME PART OF THAT HEART WAS CUT
OUT WITH THIS HORRIBLE ATTACK,
SO PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO FIGURE
OUT HOW THEY CAN STRIKE THAT
BALANCE BETWEEN SECURING THEIR
BORDERS AND BEING THE FRENCH
THAT THEY ARE PROUD TO BE.
>> Woodruff: AND, MALCOLM, WE
HEAR YOU DESCRIBING THE VIEWS OF
THE PEOPLE THERE IN BRUSSELS,
TALKING TO THEM ABOUT HOW THEY
FEEL.
IS THERE A SENSE THE FRENCH ARE
MOVING INTO A NEW CHAPTER WHEN
IT COMES TO DEALING WITH THE
ISLAMIC STATE?
>> WELL, THERE IS CERTAINLY A
SENSE OF FEAR IN BRUSSELS.
THAT WAS QUITE APPARENT ON THE
TRAIN I TOOK TODAY FROM PARIS TO
BRUSSELS.
AS SOON AS WE GOT ON THE
TRAINERS BELGIAN POLICE WERE
COMING DOWN THE AISLES, CHECKING
FOR WEAPONS, CHECKING TO SEE
WHEN WAS ON THE TRAIN.
TONIGHT HERE YOU DON'T GET ANY
SENSE OF IT.
JUST DOWN THE STREET HERE, YOU
FEEL A TERRIBLE THING IS GOING
TO HAPPEN AND PEOPLE ARE
TERRITORY THERE WILL BE THIS
APOCALYPTIC BREAKOUT AND DON'T
KNOW PRECISELY HOW TO REACT TO
IT.
>> Woodruff: YOU HAVE BEEN
SPENDING THE DAY WORKING THE
SOURCES IN WASHINGTON, MARGARET,
AND IT'S INTERESTING TO HEAR THE
PRESIDENT SAYS HE WAS ACUTELY
AWARE OF THE I.S.I.L THREAT AND,
YET, THE ADMINISTRATION IS NOT
CLEAR ON HIS HANDLING.
>> HE SAID THE U.S. HAD
STRATEGIC WARNING SOMETHING BIG
WAS COMING AND INTELLIGENCE
OFFICIALS SAID IN FACT HE HAD
PICKED UP CHART PARTICULARLY
CONCERNING EUROPE, THAT IT WAS
GOING TO BE A BIG OPERATION AND
PARTICULARLY WORRIED ABOUT
FRANCE AND THEY HAD WARNED
FRANCE AS LATE AS FRIDAY
MORNING, THOUGH, NO SPECIFICITY
ON TARGETS.
THAT SAID, THEY ACKNOWLEDGE NOW
THAT THE ATTACK WAS MUCH BIGGER
AND MORE SOPHISTICATED THAN THEY
THOUGHT I.S.I.S. HAD THE
CAPABILITY OF DOING, BRENNAN
ALLUDED TO THIS, AND ESPECIALLY
IN THE CYBER SOPHISTICATION,
THEY HAD A WAY TO HAVE
COMMUNICATING IMPERVIOUS TO
SURVEILLANCE.
ONE OFFICIAL TOLD ME THEY'VE
ALSO PERFECTED THE USE OF THESE
DOWNLOADABLE APPS.
SOME NAMES OTHER PEOPLE
MENTIONED TO ME LIKE KICK AND
SURE SPOT IN WHICH PEOPLE
COMMUNICATE ONE TO ONE.
IT'S COMPLETELY ENCRYPTED AND NO
BACKDOOR.
IT'S SCARY WHEN YOU THINK
BRENNAN SAID THEY DON'T CONSIDER
THIS JUAN-OFF EVENT AND OTHER
ATTACKS ARE PLANNED AND IN THE
PIPELINE.
>> Woodruff: THE PRESIDENT
MADE IT CLEAR HE DOESN'T THINK A
CHANGE OF STRATEGY IS NEEDED.
IS THAT A UNIFIED VIEW INSIDE
THE ADMINISTRATION?
>> THE FACT IS IT IS THE VIEW OF
THE ADMINISTRATION.
I CERTAINLY PICK UP FROM SOME
OFFICIALS THEY WOULD LIKE A MORE
ROBUST APPROACH, BUT AS THEY
DESCRIBED IT TO ME, PRESIDENT
OBAMA GENUINELY BELIEVES MASS
FORCE DOESN'T WORK IN A CASE
LIKE THIS UNLESS YOU KEEP TROOPS
THERE FOREVER, AS IN IRAQ AND
AFGHANISTAN.
ONHE'S GOING TO DO MORE WEAPONS
DROPS AND MORE BOMBING RAIDS,
BUT IT IS NOT GOING TO BE
QUALITATIVELY DIFFERENT.
ONE FORMER DEFENSE OFFICIAL SAID
TO ME, BASICALLY, THEY HAVE THIS
PHILOSOPHY, THEY'RE CLINGING TO
THE PHILOSOPHY EVEN THOUGH PARIS
PROVED IT'S PROBABLY NOT
SUFFICIENT.
>> Ifill: HARI AND MALCOLM,
MUCH DISCUSSION ABOUT THE ROLE
OF THE REFUGEE, THE MIGRANT
CRISIS IN EUROPE AND THE DEGREE
TO WHICH ANY OF THE PERPETRATORS
COULD HAVE COME INTO PARIS
DISGUISED AND SUCCEEDED.
MALCOLM, YOU HAVE BEEN COVERING
THIS FOR SOME MONTHS NOW.
I WANT TO HEAR WHAT YOU HAVE TO
SAY, BUT HARI FIRST.
>> Sreenivasan: I THINK ONE OF
THE KEY TENSIONS IN THE STREETS
OF PARIS, I EVEN HEARD IT IN THE
STORY MALCOLM FILED, IS HOW DO
WE PROTECT OUR BORDERS WHEN
THERE ARE 26 COUNTRIES IN THIS
AGREENTEM THAT'S BEEN RUNNING
FOR YEARS.
FREE TRAVEL THROUGH EUROPE IS
ONE OF THE HALL M AN HALLMARKS A
KEY VULNERABLE.
SO WHEN THEY'RE COMING FROM
GREASE, MACEDONIA AND THROUGH
GERMANY, THEY HAVE THE ACCESS
AND ABILITY TO GO TO ANY OF
THESE COUNTRIES.
>> Woodruff: MALCOLM?
I THINK PART OF THE PROBLEM
LIES IN GREECE BECAUSE THE
GREEKS JUST WANT TO GET THEM
THROUGH THE COUNTRY AND AREN'T
CHECKING THEM PROPERLY AND THEY
DON'T HAVE THE FACILITIES TO
CHECK EVERYBODY.
THERE ARE PERHAPS 10,000 PEOPLE
COMING THROUGH GREECE EVERY DAY
D THESE PEOPLE ARE LITERALLY
JUST SWARMING THROUGH EUROPE AND
MANY ARE GETTING TRAVEL
DOCUMENTS AND THEIR MOVEMENT IS
FACILITATED BY COUNTRIES WHICH
WANT TO GET THEM THROUGH.
BUT THE RESPONSE I THINK IS
GOING TO BE -- YOU'RE GOING TO
SEE A LOT OF WIDENING OPPOSITION
MOVEMENTS DEMANDING THIS
AGREEMENT IS AT AN END.
MORE AND MORE PEOPLE ARE GOING
TO WANT BORDER CONTROLS BECAUSE
THEY WANT TO KNOW WHO'S COMING
INTO THEIR COUNTRIES.
ONE OF THE PROBLEMS THE FRENCH
HAVE THOUGHT AND THEY HAVEN'T
BEEN ABLE TO MONITOR ALL THESE
PEOPLE IS THERE ARE 5,000
POTENTIAL JIHADIS IN FRANCE, AND
THE INTELLIGENCE SERVICES HAVE A
REAL PROBLEM TRYING TO MONITOR
THESE PEOPLE AND THEY HAVE TO
PRIORITIZE THEM.
AND THEN THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF
PEOPLE COMING THROUGH EUROPE.
YOU JUST CAN'T MONITOR ALL OF
THEM.
THE SECURITY SERVICES ARE KIND
OF OVERWHELMED IF THAT RESPECT.
>> Woodruff: ONE LAST
QUESTION, DO YOU SENSE ANY
PULLING BACK IN THE WILLINGNESS
OF EUROPEANS?
I KNOW YOU ARE THE GROUND --
PULLING BACK ON THE WILLINGNESS
TO KEEP ON WITH A MILITARY
CAMPAIGN AGAINST I.S.I.S. IN
SYRIA?
HARI?
>> Sreenivasan: ONE OF THE
THINGS WE GOT, ALMOST A
UNIVERSAL SENTIMENT FROM
DIFFERENT PEOPLE WE SPOKE, WITH
WHAT ABOUT THE AIRSTRIKES IN
RAQQAH YESTERDAY, DO YOU THINK
THAT'S APPROPRIATE?
PEOPLE SAID, I WANT A TARGETED
RESPONSE FROM MY GOVERNMENT AS
EFFICIENT AS POSSIBLE AND IF
THAT'S WHERE I.S.I.S. IS AND THE
ROOT OF THE PROBLEM, THEN THAT'S
WHERE IT NEEDS TO BE STOPPED.
QUITE A FEW FEEL DIFFERENTLY AND
IT'S A SMALL SAMPLING, BUT THERE
IS DEFINITELY A FEELING
SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE AND
THE GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO TAKE
SWIFT ACTION.
ELECTIONS ARE COMING UP IN
DECEMBER AND AS MALCOLM POINTS
OUT THERE MAY BE A TAKE TOWARD A
MORE CONSERVATIVE FRANCE IF THEY
DON'T GET RESULTS IN THE NEXT
FEW WEEKS.
>> Woodruff: MALCOLM?
I HAVEN'T SPOKEN TO MANY IN
BRUSSELS, BUT ONEPERSON WHO
UNDERSTANDS THIS AREA DEEPLY, HE
THINKS IT WILL BE A HUGE MISTAKE
FOR THE WEST TO PUT BOOTS ON THE
GROUND IN SYRIA BECAUSE HE
THINKS THAT WILL BE PLAYING INTO
I.S.I.S.'S HANDS AND GIVING THEM
THE RESPONSE THEY WANT AND WILL
LED TO A MUCH WIDER INFERNO.
>> Ifill: MALCOM BRABANT, HARI
SREENIVASAN AND MARGARET WARNER,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> Woodruff: THE ATTACKS IN
PARIS HAVE ALSO PROMPTED
POLITICAL BLOWBACK HERE AT HOME.
A NUMBER OF GOVERNORS, ALMOST
ALL OF THEM REPUBLICAN, SAY
THEIR STATES WILL NOT ACCEPT
REFUGEES FROM SYRIA.
AND SEVERAL REPUBLICANS IN
CONGRESS SAID TODAY THEY WANT TO
BLOCK PLANS TO TAKE IN AN
ADDITIONAL 10,000 SYRIANS INTO
THE U.S. OVER THE NEXT 12
MONTHS.
THE WHITE HOUSE SAID IT'S GOING
AHEAD WITH THE PLAN.
WE'LL FOCUS ON THE POLITICAL
FALLOUT FROM PARIS, AFTER THE
NEWS SUMMARY.
>> Ifill: THE STATE DEPARTMENT
SUGGESTED TODAY THAT, EVEN IN
THE AFTERMATH OF THE PARIS
ATTACKS, THE CIVIL WAR IN SYRIA
CAN STILL BE ENDED.
DIPLOMATS AT A WEEKEND MEETING
IN VIENNA ANNOUNCED THAT SYRIAN
PRESIDENT BASHAR AL-ASSAD AND
THE OPPOSITION WILL START NEW
TALKS ON JANUARY FIRST.
AND LEADERS AT THE G-20 MEETING
AGREED TODAY TO SUPPORT THE NEW
EFFORT.
IN WASHINGTON, STATE'S MARK
TONER SAID FRIDAY'S ATTACKS MAKE
IT ALL THE MORE CRITICAL TO ACT.
>> YOU KNOW, WEE GO'VT SPECIFIC
STEPS FOR THE FIRST TIME TO
ADVANCE A CEASE FIRE AND TO PUT
FORWARD A POLITICAL PROCESS.
SO, YOU KNOW, THERE WAS ALREADY
URGENCY HERE, A SENSE OF
URGENCY.
THAT'SBEEN REDOUBLED. OR THAT'S
BEEN OBVIOUSLY UNDER SCORED BY
EVENTS IN PARIS.
>> Ifill: THE VIENNA AGREEMENT
FOCUSES ON MOVING TOWARD AN
INTERIM UNITY GOVERNMENT AND NEW
ELECTIONS.
BUT THE FUTURE ROLE OF SYRIAN
PRESIDENT BASHAR AL-ASSAD
REMAINS UNDECIDED.
>> Woodruff: ACTIVISTS IN
MINNEAPOLIS ARE DEMANDING THAT
POLICE PUBLICLY IDENTITY THE
OFFICER WHO SHOT A BLACK SUSPECT
EARLY SUNDAY.
FAMILY MEMBERS MAINTAIN THAT 24-
YEAR-OLD JAMAR CLARK WAS SHOT
WHILE HANDCUFFED.
HE'S NOW ON LIFE SUPPORT.
THE SHOOTING SPARKED PROTESTS,
BUT POLICE OFFICIALS MAINTAINED
CLARK WAS NOT HANDCUFFED AT THE
TIME.
THEY ALSO SAID HE INTERFERED
WITH PARAMEDICS TREATING SOMEONE
HE HAD ASSAULTED.
>> Ifill: THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
TODAY ANNOUNCED A RECORD $95
MILLION SETTLEMENT WITH ONE OF
THE NATION'S LARGEST FOR-PROFIT
COLLEGE COMPANIES.
"EDUCATION MANAGEMENT
CORPORATION" STANDS ACCUSED OF
HIGH-PRESSURE RECRUITING TO SIGN
UP STUDENTS AND COLLECT THEIR
FEDERAL STUDENT AID.
EDUCATION SECRETARY ARNE DUNCAN
-- ALONG WITH ATTORNEY GENERAL
LORETTA LYNCH -- SAID THE
ANNOUNCEMENT FOLLOWS
INVESTIGATIONS BY 39 STATES.
>> THE SETTLEMENT SHOULD BE A
VERY CLEAR WARNING TO OTHER
CAREER COLLEGES OUT THERE.
WE WILL NOT STAND BY WHEN YOU
PROFIT ILLEGALLY OFF OF STUDENTS
AND TAXPAYERS.
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WILL
CONTINUE TO WORK TIRELESSLY WITH
STATE ATTORNEYS GENERAL TO
ENSURE THAT ALL COLLEGES FOLLOW
THE LAW.
>> Ifill: THE COMPANY ENROLLS
100,000 STUDENTS AND RECEIVES
90% OF ITS REVENUE FROM FEDERAL
STUDENT AID.
>> Woodruff: AND THE WEEK ON
WALL STREET GOT OFF TO A BIG
START, BOOSTED BY A GAIN IN OIL
PRICES AND, IN TURN, ENERGY
STOCKS.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
ROSE MORE THAN 237 POINTS TO
CLOSE AT 17,483.
THE NASDAQ CLIMBED 56 POINTS.
AND THE S&P 500 ADDED 30.
>> Ifill: POLITICS, AND
POLITICAL CAMPAIGNS, ARE IN THE
END ABOUT LEADERSHIP.
AND FROM THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL, TO
THE PRESIDENTIAL PODIUM, TO THE
HALLS OF CONGRESS, LEADERS
WEIGHED IN ON THE FALLOUT FROM
FRIDAY'S PARIS ATTACKS.
OVER THE WEEKEND, THE PARIS
ATTACKS QUICKLY TURNED INTO A
POLITICAL RORSCHACH TEST.
AMONG MANY REPUBLICANS, THE
DEBATE CENTERED ON THE WISDOM OF
ALLOWING SYRIAN REFUGEES TO
RECEIVE U.S. ASYLUM.
>> WE CAN'T ROLL THE DICE WITH
THE SAFETY OF AMERICANS AND
BRING IN PEOPLE FOR WHOM THERE
IS AN UNACCEPTABLE RISK THAT
THEY COULD BE JIHADISTS COMING
HERE TO KILL AMERICANS.
WE JUST SAW IN PARIS WHAT
HAPPENS WHEN A COUNTRY ALLOWS
ISIS TERRORISTS TO COME IN AS
REFUGEES AND THE RESULT CAN BE A
HORRIFIC LOSS OF LIFE.
>> BRINGING PEOPLE INTO THIS
COUNTRY FROM THAT AREA OF THE
WORLD I THINK IS A HUGE MISTAKE.
BECAUSE WHY WOULDN'T THEY
INFILTRATE THEM WITH PEOPLE WHO
ARE IDEOLOGICALLY OPPOSED TO US?
IT WOULD BE FOOLISH FOR THEM NOT
TO DO THAT.
BUT TO BRING THEM HERE UNDER
THESE CIRCUMSTANCES IS A
SUSPENSION OF INTELLECT.
>> WE HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO
HELP WITH REFUGEES AFTER PROPER
SCREENING.
AND I THINK OUR FOCUS OUGHT TO
BE ON THE CHRISTIANS WHO HAVE NO
PLACE IN SYRIA YMORANE.
THEY'RE BEING BEHEADED, THEY'RE
BEING EXECUTED BY BOTH SIDES.
AND I THINK WE HAVE A
RESPONSIBILITY TO HELP.
>> THE PROBLEM IS WE CAN'T
BACKGROUND CHECK THEM.
YOU CAN'T PICK UP THE PHONE AND
CALL SYRIA.
AND THAT'S ONE OF THE REASONS
WHY I SAID WE WON'T BE ABLE TO
TAKE MORE REFUGEES.
>> Ifill: AT LEAST A DOZEN
REPUBLICAN GOVERNORS AGREED,
DECLARING THEIR BORDERS
EFFECTIVELY CLOSED TO REFUGEES.
PRESIDENT OBAMA, SPEAKING IN
TURKEY AT THE G-20 SUMMIT OF
NATIONS, PUSHED BACK.
>> WHEN I HEAR POLITICAL LEADERS
SUGGESTING THAT THERE WOULD BE A
RELIGIOUS TEST FOR WHICH A
PERSON WHO'S FLEEING FROM A WAR-
TORN COUNTRY IS ADMITTED, WHEN
SOME OF THOSE FOLKS THEMSELVES
COME FROM FAMILIES WHO BENEFITED
FROM PROTECTION WHEN THEY WERE
FLEEING POLITICAL PERSECUTION --
THAT'SHAMS EFUL.
>> Interviewer: FOR DEMOCRATS,
REACTION TO THE CRISIS FOCUSED
ON WHAT ACTION THE U.S. SHOULD
BE WILLING TO TAKE TO BRING DOWN
ISIS.
>> WE HAVE TO LOOK AT ISIS AS
THE LEADING THREAT OF AN
INTERNATIONAL TERROR NETWORK.
IT CANNOT BE CONTAINED, IT MUST
BE DEFEATED.
BUT THIS CANNOT BE AN AMERICAN
FIGHT, ALTHOUGH AMERICAN
LEADERSHIP IS ESSENTIAL.
>> I WOULD DISAGREE WITH-- WITH
SECRETARY CLINTON, RESPECTFULLY,
ON THIS SCORE.
THIS ACTUALLY IS AMERICA'S
FIGHT.
IT CANNOT SOLELY BE AMERICA'S
>> I WOULD ARGUE THAT THE
DISASTROUS INVASION OF IRAQ,
SOMETHING THAT I STRONGLY
OPPOSED, HAS UNRAVELED THE
REGION COMPLETELY.
AND LED TO THE RISE OF AL QAEDA.
AND TO...ISIS.
>> Ifill: AND ON CAPITOL HILL,
REPUBLICANS IN BOTH CHAMBERS
CALLED FOR THE PRESIDENT TO HALT
THE FLOW OF SYRIAN MIGRANTS INTO
THE U.S.
FOR MORE ON WHAT HAS BEEN SAID
AND HASN'T, WE
TURN TO POLITICS
MONDAY WITH TAMERA KEITH
REPORTING FROM DES MOINES AND
AMY WALTER WITH THE "COOK
POLITICAL REPORT" WITH ME HERE.
AMY, ARE YOU SURPRISED THIS
TURNED TO POLITICS OVER THIS
DEBATE WITH PARIS?
>> NO.
THIS HAS BEEN SORT OF THE
REALITY OF THE POLITICAL
CAMPAIGN.
THIS IS A VERY SERIOUS ISSUE, A
VERY SERIOUS CRISIS.
THE FACT IS WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
THIS, OF COURSE, SHOULD BE PART
OF THE 2016 CAMPAIGN.
WHAT'S SURPRISING, I GUESS, IS
HOW QUICKLY THIS HAS BEEN
DIVIDED ALONG PARTISAN LINES, I
SPECIAL ON THE ISSUE OF
ACCEPTING SYRIAN REFUGEES.
DEMOCRATS ALMOST UNIVERSALLY ON
THE SIDE OF THE PRESIDENT SAYING
WE SHOULD STILL ACCEPT SYRIAN
IMMIGRANTS AFTER A LENGTHY
PROCESS VETTING THOSE FOLKS WHO
WANT TO COME INTO THIS COUNTRY,
AND REPUBLICANS PRETTY MUCH
UNIVERSALLY SAYING WE SHOULD NOT
ACCEPT THEM AT ALL.
>> Ifill: TAMARA, IT'S KIND OF
AN INTELLECTUAL DEBATE BECAUSE
CAN THESE STATES REALLY BLOCK
REFUGEES?
>>T'S INOT CLEAR THEY CAN BUT
THEIR CERTAINLY OUT THERE MAKING
A STATEMENT.
I THINK IT'S MUCH EASIER TO MAKE
A STATEMENT ABOUT REFUGEES AND
SAYING, HEY, LET'S PUT A STOP TO
THIS, THAN GOING OUT AND
OFFERING A SOLUTION ON THOUSAND
TO DEAL WITH THE CRISIS WITH
I.S.I.S. AND SYRIA.
THAT IS A MESSY, STICKY
SITUATION, WHICH IS MUCH MORE
COMPLICATED AND NUANCED THAN
SIMPLY SAYING, I DON'T WANT
REFUGEES IN MY STATE.
>> Ifill: IT'S QUITE A TEST OF
FOREIGN POLICY, THESE UNEXPECTED
CRISES, NO MATTER WHAT THEY ARE.
IN THIS CASE, FOR INSTANCE, WE
SAW DR. BEN CARSON ON FOX NEWS
SUNDAY BEING ASKED REPEATEDLY,
WHAT WOULD HE DO, WHO WOULD HE
CALL, HOW WOULD HE FORM A
COALITION, HE DIDN'T SEEM TO
HAVE AN ANSWER.
>> HE STRUGGLED ON THAT QUESTION
AND HOW TO ENFORCE A "NO FLY"
ZONE IN CASE WE DO DOWN A
RUSSIAN PLEARNTION WHAT DOES
THAT MEAN FOR AMERICAN FOREIGN
POLICY VIS-A-VIS OUR
RELATIONSHIP WITH RUSSIA, WE SAW
HE STRUGGLED DURING THE DEBATE
AS WELL.
I DON'T THINK THIS WILL CHANGE
THE OVERALL CONTOURS IN THE
POLITICAL RACE NOW ON THE
REPUBLICAN SIDE.
WHAT I THINK IT DOES IS PUT
ANOTHER PIECE INTO THE VETTING
PROCESS FOR VOTERS THAT, WHILE
THEY'RE NOT MAKING A DECISIO
TODAY ABOUT WHO THEY'RE GOING TO
VOTE FOR, EVENTUALLY, THEY'LL
GET TO THAT PLACE.
ONCE WE HIT EARLY DECEMBER,
JANUARY, PEOPLE WILL GET SERIOUS
ABOUT NOT JUST WHO THEY LIKE BUT
WHO THEY WILL VOTE FOR AND THE
IDEA OF WHO IS GOING TO LOOK
LIKE A COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF WILL
BE AN IMPORTANT PIECE IN.
THIS IT ALWAYS WAS BUT I THINK
PARIS MADE THAT MORE IMPORTANT.
>> Ifill: TAMARA, IF YOU ARE A
JEB BUSH, HILLARY CLINTON OR
DONALD TRUMP, HOW DO YOU THINK
THEY ARE TREATING THIS IN A WAY
THAT WOULD HELP THEM?
>> HILLARY CLINTON IS CERTAINLY
TALKING ABOUT IT.
HOWEVER, SHE'S NOT MAKING IT A
COMPLETE FOCUS OF HER CAMPAIGN.
I SAW HER SPEAK YESTERDAY INIOW.
SHE SPENT THE FIRST TWO OR THEE
MINUTES OF HER REMARKS TALKING
ABOUT THE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN
PARIS AND THE NEED TO BUILD
INTERNATIONAL COALITIONS TO
FIGHT I.S.I.S., AND THEN SHE
QUICKLY TURNED AND STARTED
TALKING ABOUT THE ECONOMY,
BECAUSE I THINK DEMOCRATS AND
ACTUALLY SOME REPUBLICANS STILL
FEEL THAT WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO
IT, PEOPLE ARE WILLING TO VOTE
BASED ON THE ECONOMY MORE THAN
THEY WILL VOTE BASED ON THESE
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS.
>> THAT'S BEEN A BIG DIVISION
BETWEEN DEMOCRATS AND
REPUBLICANS FROM THE BEGINNING
EVEN BEFORE THESE ATTACKS IN
PARIS THAT REPUBLICAN PRIMARY
VOTERS MUCH MORE INTERESTED ON
THE ISSUES LIKE TERRORISM,
SECURITY, DEMOCRATIC VOTERS MORE
INTERESTED IN THE ECONOMY.
SO I THINK THIS HAD TO
UNDERSCORE THAT THE REPUBLICAN
PRIMARY ELECTORATE INTERESTS,
PRETTY DIFFERENT FROM DEMOCRATIC
INTERESTS.
>> SO IS THAT THE SWEET SPOT
WE'RE SEEING WITH THE REPUBLICAN
GOVERNORS CALLING TO KEEP
REFUGEES OUT, PROTECTING PEOPLE
AT HOME AND SPEAKING TO THE
FOREIGN POLICY COMPONENT?
>> I THINK THEY'RE SPEAKING TO
THE BASE, VOTERS, REPUBLICAN
PRIMARY VOTERS.
THIS IS A CONCERN THEY'VE HELD A
LONG TIME BEFORE THE PARIS
ATTACKS WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN
IF WE BRING IN REFUGEES FROM
SYRIA.
THIS HAS NOT BEEN A GOOD IDEA TO
THE ELECTORATE.
THIS HAS BEEN OPPOSED TO
IMMIGRATION, ILLEGAL
IMMIGRATION, AND YOU HAVE
REPUBLICAN VOTERS WANTING TO SEE
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION SCALED BACK
AND WHAT TO DO WITH THE GITMO
DETAINEES, NOT BRINGING THOSE
PRISONERS INTO THE UNITED
STATES.
>> Ifill: PRESIDENT OBAMA,
WHILE TRAVELING IN TURKEY, HE
TOOK MANY OCCASIONS TO DEFEND
HIS POLICY GOING AFTER I.S.I.S.
AND HE GREW MORE EXASPERATED
WITH EACH QUESTION BUT HE ALSO
TOOK THE OPPORTUNITY TO SAY,
LISTEN, WHAT THESE FOLKS WHO
DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE TALKING
ABOUT ARE DOING -- IS WHAT HE
WAS ESSENTIALLY SAYING -- NEED
TO STEP BACK.
WE ARE TAKING THIS MORE
SERIOUSLY THAN THAT.
DID HE MAKE HIS CASE?
>> WELL, HE WAS CERTAINLY TAKING
A SWIPE AT AT LEAST TED CRUZ
WITHOUT SAYING HIS NAME AND THE
PEOPLE WHO TALK ABOUT THINGS
LIKE, WELL, WE KNOW CHRISTIANS
WOULD COME HERE AND WE WOULD BE
OKAY WITH MAYBE CHRISTIANS,
BUT --
>> Ifill: THAT WOULD BE JEB
BUSH, RIGHT?
JEB BUSH MADE THAT POINT.
SO WAS THE WHITE HOUSE STILL
EXASPERATED?
NOT ONLY IN AN ELECTION YEAR
WITH THESE OUTSIDE QUESTIONS BUT
ALSO LEGITIMATE QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHETHER THEIR STRATEGY IS
WORKING?
>> WELL, WHAT THE PRESIDENT
SEEMS TO BE SAYING IS YOU GUYS
ARE CRITICIZING ME BUT WHEN YOU
SAY WHAT WE SHOULD DO WE'RE
ACTUALLY DOING THAT.
THERE HAVE BEEN HUGE NUMBERS OF
AIRSTRIKES AND THERE ARE
ADVISORS ON THE GROUND AND MANY
OF THESE THINGS THAT ARE BEING
PRESCRIBED BY HIS OPPONENTS ARE
THINGS HE'S DOING, BUT MAYBE
IT'S MORE A MATTER OF RHETORIC.
THE WAY HE TALKS ABOUT THIS IS
IN A WAY TRYING TO STILL BUILD
BRIDGES, AND I THINK A LOT OF
PEOPLE ARE CALLING ON HIM TO
JUST COME OUT AND BE STRONGER
ABOUT IT.
>> Ifill: IT'S THE WORD OF
STRENGTH, AIM.
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TALKING
STRATEGY BUT YOU ALSO HEAR
PEOPLE LIKE DONALD TRUMP SAYING,
BOMB THE OIL TRUCKS.
YOU HEAR JOHN McCAIN NOT
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT BUT
LINDSEY GRAHAM WHO IS, TALKING
ABOUT BEING STRONGER, BOOTS ON
THE GROUND, SOMETHING BEN CARSON
IS ALSO TALKING ABOUT.
IS THAT A VULNERABILITY?
>> FOR THE REPUBLICANS, YEAH.
AND THE DEMOCRATS.
>> THE DEMOCRATS MADE THIS POINT
AS WELL IS IT'S NOT JUST THE
PRESIDENT GETTING CRITICIZED FOR
THIS POLICY, IT'S GOING TO BE
HILLARY CLINTON AND DEMOCRATS
WHO HAVE TO DEFEND THE CURRENT
ADMINISTRATION POLICY, HILLARY
CLINTON MORE SO BECAUSE SHE WAS
PART OF THE ADMINISTRATION AS A
ETE AND YOU SAW
ON SATURDAY NIGHT, NOBODY DID A
PARTICULARLY GOOD JOB DEFENDING
THE PRESIDENT.
I DIDN'T SEE THAT, OR HIS
STRATEGY ON I.S.I.S.
THEN YOU LOOKING TO THE
REPUBLICANS WHO ARE PRETTY WELL
UNIFIED, WE NEED TO BE STRONGER,
SEND A STRONGER MESSAGE, NO
SYRIAN REFUGEES, AND YET THEY'RE
KIND OF DIVIDED ON, WELL, HOW
INTENSIVELY DO WE GET INVOLVED?
RUBIO IS SUGGESTING, YES, SECOND
SEND MILITARY THERE, BUT NOT AS
STRONGLY AS SOMEBODY LIKE DONALD
TRUMP WHO WANTS TO DO IT
IMMEDIATELY.
SO I THINK THOSE ARE WHERE THE
FAULT LINES WILL OPEN UP FOR
REPUBLICANS IS HOW QUICKLY DO
YOU INVEST?
THE PUBLIC CLEARLY WILL BE WARY
ABOUT MORE MILITARY INVOLVEMENT.
>> Ifill: FINAL THOUGHT AIM
MENTIONED IN PASSING WAS THE
DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE
SATURDAY.
I DO WONDER WHETHER, IN THE END,
ANYTHING CHANGED IN THE
ATMOSPHERE AFTER THAT.
OBVIOUSLY, BOTH O'MALLEY AND
SANDERS TRIED TO TAKE MORE
DIRECT AIM AT HILLARY CLINTON.
>> I THINK THERE IS A LITTLE BIT
MORE NEGATIVITY, ESPECIALLY FROM
MARYLAND GOVERNOR MARTIN
O'MALLEY.
HE'S DEFINITELY MORE WILLING TO
GO ON THE ATTACK NOW AFTER THAT
DEBATE THAN HE HAD BEEN BEFORE,
AND I THINK BERNIE SANDERS ALSO
IS MORE DIRECTLY ADDRESSING
HILLARY CLINTON, AND HILLARY
CLINTON HERSELF IS GOING AFTER
THEM A LITTLE BIT MORE.
SO, YOU KNOW, THE GLOVES MAYBE
COUGH EVER SO SLIGHTLY, BUT IT'S
STILL PRETTY TAME COMPARED TO
THE REPUBLICAN SIDE OF THE
FIGHT.
>> Reporter: TAMARA KEITH IN
DES MOINE IOWS,A, FOR US
TONIGHT, AND N.P.R., AND COOK
POLITICAL REPORT.
THANK YOU BOTH AS ALWAYS.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: WE FOCUS NOW ON THE
CHANGING NATURE OF THE THREAT
FROM THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP AND
HOW TO COUNTER IT.
FOR THAT, WE TURN TO FOUR PEOPLE
WITH DEEP EXPERTISE:
JULIETTE KAYYEM WAS AN ASSISTANT
SECRETARY AT THE DEPARTMENT OF
HOMELAND SECURITY DURING THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION.
SHE NOW HAS HER OWN SECURITY
CONSULTING FIRM.
WILLIAM McCANTS IS DIRECTOR OF
THE PROJECT ON U.S. RELATIONS
WITH THE ISLAMIC WORLD AT THE
BROOKINGS INSTITUTION.
HIS MOST RECENT BOOK IS "THE
ISIS APOCALYPSE: THE HISTORY,
STRATEGY, AND DOOMSDAY VISION OF
THE ISLAMIC STATE."
RICHARD BARRETT IS A FORMER
DIRECTOR OF GLOBAL COUNTER-
TERRORISM OPERATIONS FOR THE
BRITISH GOVERNMENT.
HE'S A FOUNDER OF THE UNITED
NATIONS' COUNTER-TERRORISM TASK
FORCE.
AND HASSAN HASSAN IS A MIDDLE
EAST ANALYST AT CHATHAM HOUSE IN
LONDON, HE CO-AUTHORED THE BOOK
"ISIS: INSIDE THE ARMY OF
TERROR."
AND WE WELCOME YOU ALL TO THE
PROGRAM.
WILL McCANTS, STARTING IN
WASHINGTON WITH YOU.
WHAT NEW TO WE KNOW ABOUT THE
ISLAMIC STATE ATTACKS?
>> THEY SEEM TO HAVE SHIFTED AND
TAKEN ON A STRATEGY OF GLOBAL
JIHAD.
THEY'VE ALWAYS HAD THE RHETORIC
OF GOBBL GLOBAL JIHADDISM.
ALWAYS TALKED ABOUT HITTING
UNITED STATES, FRANCE, OTHERS,
BUT FOR MOST TO HAVE THE HISTORY
FOCUSED ON STATE BUILDING.
THEY HAVE BEEN IT FROM
SUCCESSFUL AT IT.
BUT WITH TAKING DOWN THE RUSSIAN
AIRLINER, THE ATTACK IN BEIRUT
AND NOW PARIS, WE BELIEVE ITS
ATTENTION HAS SHIFTED ABROAD.
>> Ifill: RICHARD BARRETT, IF
THEIR ATTENTION SHIFTED ABROAD,
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
>> I THINK THE EUROPEAN AND
OTHER WESTERN INTELLIGENCE
AGENCIES HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR
THIS TO HAPPEN FOR SOME TIME.
THEY HAVEN'T BEEN OBLIVIOUS TO
THE THREAT.
WE UNDERSTAND ABOUT SEVEN
PREVIOUS PLOTS WERE THWARTED IN
FRANCE AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
AND IN BUL BELGIUM, IT WASN'T SO
LONG AGO THIS MASTERMIND
NARROWLY ESCAPED A POLICE RAID
IN THE HOUSE WHERE HE WAS LIVING
WITH HIS ACCOMPLICES THERE.
SO IT'S NOT COME OUT OF THE
BLUE.
SO MANY PEOPLE ARE CONCERNED IN
THE SECURITY SERVICES, IT'S VERY
DIFFICULT FOR THEM TO FOCUS
RESOURCES.
HINDSIGHT IS GREAT.
FORESIGHT IS VERY, VERY
DIFFICULT BECAUSE THERE ARE SO
MANY PEOPLE WHO COULD BE ONE OF
THE GUYS WHOO ATTACKED IN PARIS
LAST FRIDAY.
>> Woodruff: JULIETTE KAYYEM,
HOW MUCH HAS THE UNITED STATES
AND THE REST OF N.A.T.O.
UNDERESTIMATED I.S.I.S.?
>> I DON'T THINK THEY'VE
ENTIRELY UNDERESTIMATED IT.
I THINK IT IS JUST A DIFFICULT
THREAT TO CONFRONT.
THERE IS THE GEOGRAPHIC ASPECT
OF I.S.I.S. THAT THEY COVER A
LOT OF LAND IN THE MIDDLE EAST
AND THERE ARE TERRORIST
INCIDENTS, WHETHER THE LONE
WOLF, THE INDIVIDUAL GETTING
RADICALIZED OR THE MUCH MORE
SOPHISTICATED ATTACKS LIKE WHAT
WE SAW IN PARIS.
AND SO THERE ARE JUST DIFFERENT
PIECES TO MINIMIZING AND
DEGRADING THE THREAT OF I.S.I.S.
AND NONE OF THEM IS GOING TO
WORK PERFECTLY, AND ALL THEY
NEED TO DO IS SUCCEED ONCE.
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR
THIS.
I KNOW THAT SOUNDS SORT OF HARSH
AND NOT SYMPATHETIC, BUT THIS IS
NOT A SHOCK.
THEY HAVE BEEN SAYING THEY WANT
TO DO THIS.
I THINK THE SHOCK IS NONE OF THE
PIECES WERE PICKED UP BEFOREHAND
SEEMINGLY BY ANY INTELLIGENCE
AGENCIES.
>> Ifill: HASSAN HASSAN, WHAT
IS THE APPEAL?
WE KNOW THERE ARE LONE WOLVES
AND WE'VE SEEN THAT ACTED OUT,
BUT THIS WAS A LOT OF PEOPLE AND
WE'RE NOW HEARING THERE IS A
24-HOUR HELP DESK WITH I.S.I.S.
WHAT IS CHANGES AND HOW IS IT
EVOLVING?
>> WELL, IN TERMS OF APPEAL,
YIECHESZ AA PEELS BECAUSE OF --
BECAUSE IT HAS THE
CALIPHATE-BUILDING ENTERPRISE
THAT IS ACTUALLY FUNCTIONING AT
LEAST FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE
POTENTIAL SYMPATHIZERS TO THE
GROUP.
BUT I.S.I.S. HAS ALWAYS HAD A
TWIN STRATEGY THAT ACTUALLY
FEEDS INTO EACH OTHER, THE TWO
FACETS OF THE STRATEGY.
THE FIRST IS THE ONE I
MENTIONED, THE CALIPHATE
BUILDING ENTERPRISE THAT FEEDS
INTO ITS GLOBAL IDEOLOGICAL
APPEAL AND MAKES PEOPLE OUTSIDE
LOOK AT THE GROUP AS SOMETHING
DIFFERENT, SOMETHING THAT MIGHT
HAVE BEEN, YOU KNOW, THAT THEY
HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT FOR A
WHILE, THE APPEAL TO HAVE THE
CALIPHATE, THE -- THE APPEAL OF
THE CALIPHATE, THE APPEAL OF THE
POWERFUL MUSLIM STATE OPPOSED TO
THE WEST, GERMANY AND THE MIDDLE
EAST.
AT THE SAME TIME, I.S.I.S. NOW
LOOKS LIKE IT HAS STARTED TO
FOCUS ON ITS GLOBAL NETWORK, BUT
I THINK THE FACT IS WHAT WE'VE
SEEN RECENTLY IS WITH THE RUSSN
AIRLINER AND THE ATTACKS IN
PARIS IS ONLY A SIGN THAT
I.S.I.S.'S GLOBAL NETWORK
DEVELOPED.
IT'S NOW MORE CAPABLE, MORE
MATURE IN ITS ABILITY TO STRIKE
ABROAD, AND I THINK THAT'S A
SIGN OF THAT'LL THA OF -- OF TH.
I REMEMBER LAST YEAR I SAD WITH
SOMEONE IN -- I SAT WITH SOMEONE
IN TURKEY WHO WORKS WITH
I.S.I.S. AS A SECURITY OFFICIAL,
WHO SETS UP SLEEPER CELLS AND
SPIES AND SO ON, AND HE TOLD ME
SOMETHING WE LEARNED FROM THE
IRAQ WAR IS INSTEAD OF WAITING
FOR OTHER PEOPLE TO SPY ON US,
TO INFILTRATE US AND ATTACK US
OR BRING WAR AGAINST US, WE ARE
DOING THAT NOW, WE ARE
ESTABLISHING EYES AND EARS IN
NEIGHBORING COUNTRIES AND ALSO
IN WESTERN COUNTRIES AND SO ON.
>> Woodruff: GIVEN THAT, WILL
McCANTS, DOES THIS CALL FOR
THE WEST OR THE UNITED STATES TO
CHANGE ITS APPROACH?
>> I DON'T THINK SO.
THE ISLAMIC STATE HAS SEEN 25%
OF ITS TERRITORY WITHER UNDER
FIREPOWER FROM THE UNITED STATES
AND ITS ALLIES.
IT'S' HAD TENS OF THOUSANDS OF
ITS SOLDIERS WHO HAVE DIED AND I
WOULD ARGUE THIS STRATEGY THEY
ARE PURSUING OF BUILDING CELLS
ABROAD IS THE CONSEQUENCE OF THE
SUCCESS AGAINST THEM.
I THINK WHERE THE MERNS AND
OTHERS -- WHERE AMERICANS AND
OTHERS HAVE FAILED IS BRINGING
THE SYRIAN WAR TO A CLOSE.
THE I.S.I.S. STRATEGY IS RIGHT
BUT THE SYRIAN STRATEGY IS NOT
AND THAT'S FUELING ULTIMATELY
THIS CONFLICT.
>> Ifill: RICHARD BARRETT, ONE
OF THE QUESTIONS RIGHT AFTER
THIS HAPPENED IS WHETHER THIS
WAS AL QUAIDA OR I.S.I.S.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S A DIFFERENT
WITHOUT A DISTINCTION OR
I.S.I.S. NOW ECLIPSED AL QUAIDA
AS THE BIGGEST GLOBAL THREAT?
>> I THINK IT'S ECLIPSED
AL QUAIDA AS THE BIGGEST GLOBAL
THREAT AND NUMBER OF SUPPORTERS,
YES.
I DON'T SEE WHY SOME YOUNG GUY
WHO BECOMES RADICALIZED WOULD
CHOOSE AL QUAIDA OVER THE
ISLAMIC STATE BECAUSE ISLAMIC
STATE IS WHERE THE ACTION IS.
IT'S I.S.I.S., IT'S BUILDING THE
CALIPHATE, IT'S I.S.I.S. THAT'S
CALLING ON PEOPLE TO DO STUFF,
IT'S I.S.I.S. WHICH IS THERE,
PRESENT, IN THE NEWS OVER TIME
AND SO ON AND SO FORTH.
SO I THINK THE ATTRACTION IF YOU
WANT TO JOIN SOMETHING NEW AND
WANT A SENSE OF ADVENTURE AND
BELONGING, IT'S I.S.I.S. YOU
WILL CHOOSE RATHER THAN
AL QUAIDA, AND I THINK AL QUAIDA
IS RATHER DIFFICULT TO GET AHOLD
OF NOW, PARTICULARLY IN
AFGHANISTAN AND PAKISTAN, BUT
ALSO SOMALIA, IT'S RATHERRER
NATIONALIST.
YEMEN IS A WAR ZONE AS WELL SO
IT'S NOT SO EASY.
I.S.I.S. IS STILL RELATIVELY
EASY AND ATTRACTIVE TO JOIN.
>> Woodruff: WHAT ABOUT THE
QUESTION OF WHETHER THE WEST
SHOULD CHANGE ITS APPROACH?
PRESIDENT OBAMA SAID TODAY
REMEMBER I.S.I.S. IS NOT A
STATE.
HE SAID TRADITIONAL MILITARY
TACTICS WON'T WORK.
THAT DOESN'T ADDRESS WHO
I.S.I.S. IS.
HOW DO YOU SEE THAT?
>> WE HAVE TO CHANGE OUR TACTICS
AND I'M NOT QUITE SURE WHAT
PEOPLE MEAN.
EVERY TACTIC IS PRESENTLY BEING
USED AND THEY WOULD BE
AMPLIFIED, OBVIOUSLY.
THE EUROPEANS WILL STEP UP TO A
MUCH GREATER EXTENT.
THIS COMES DOWN TO ARE THEY
WILLING TO COMMIT GROUND TROOPS,
OURS AND OTHERS INTO THE FIGHT
IN I.S.I.S. AND WE JUST HAVE TO
SPEAK IN ENGLISH.
WE HAVE TO SAY, THIS IS THE
QUESTION.
I JUST WANT TO REMIND PEOPLE, WE
SHOULD DO THAT.
WE HAVE HALF A MILLION TROOPS IN
AFGHANISTAN AND IRAQ OVER THE
COURSE OF 14 YEARS.
>> Ifill: JULIETTE KAYYEM,
WE'RE LOSING YOUR AUDIO.
WE'LL COME BACK TO YOU IN A
MOMENT AND WANT TO FOLLOW UP.
BUT HASSAN HASSAN, WE WANT TO
ASK YOU ABOUT THE ROLE THAT WE
HEARD PEOPLE TODAY
SAYING THIS IS A PROBLEM FOR
MUSLIM NATIONS TO SOLVE OR AT
LEAST TAKE LEAD ON?
>> I THINK THIS IS A REALLY KIND
OF TRICKY THING FOR FIGHTING
I.S.I.S.
ON THE ONE HAND, THE WESTERN
COUNTRIES, ESPECIALLY THE UNITED
STATES, ARE INDISPENSABLE IN THE
FIGHT AGAINST I.S.I.S.
NO OTHER COUNTRY CAN -- IN THE
WHOLE WORLD CAN MOBILIZE THEIR
RESOURCES THAT THE UNITED STATES
CAN.
IT'S CAPABLE OF GETTING
COUNTRIES BEHIND IT AND FIGHTING
THIS WAR.
NOW, THE PROBLEM IS, WHEN YOU DO
THAT, YOU RISK PLAYING --
>> Ifill: GO AHEAD.
YOU RISK PLAYING INTO THE
HANDS OF I.S.I.S., THAT THIS IS
A GLOBAL WAR AGAINST I.S.I.S.,
AND THAT APPEALS TO A LOT OF
PEOPLE WHO FEEL, WHEN A COUNTRY
OR A GROUP IS UNDER ATTACK FROM
THE WEST, THAT MEANS THAT IT HAS
SOMETHING -- IT GOT SOMETHING
RIGHT.
NOW, THE QUESTION TODAY IS
WHETHER YOU STEP UP THE CURRENT
CAMPAIGN AGAINST I.S.I.S., AND I
THINK OBAMA IS PARTLY RIGHT THAT
THE CURRENT CAMPAIGN IS
EFFECTIVE, AS WILL McCANTS
JUST MENTIONED, IS EFFECTIVE IN
A MEASURED WAY, IN THE SENSE
THAT IT'S CONTAINING I.S.I.S.
MILITARILY IN THE SENSE IT'S
PREVENTING IT FROM GOING TO
BAGHDAD, TO COUNTRIES THAT
ARE -- TO NEIGHBORING COUNTRIES.
SBUT THAT WON'T DEFEAT I.S.I.S.
THE OTHER OPTION THAT NEEDS TO
BE ON THE TABLE IS NOT TO DROP
MORE BOMBS AND STRIKE MORE
AGAINST I.S.I.S. INSIDE RAQQAH,
BUT TO REALLY TALK VERY HANDED,
IF YOU LIKE, POLITICAL PROCESS
TO REALLY RESOLVE THE CONVICT IN
SYRIA AND IRAQ RATHER THAN ALLOW
THE CONFLICT TO FESTER AND GROW.
>> Woodruff: LET ME ASK WILL
McCANTS TO RESPOND TO THAT AND
IF YOU WILL COMMENT ON HOW
VULNERABLE YOU THINK THE U.S.
IS.
>> I THINK THE CURRENT CAMPAIGN
IS WORKING, BUT THE CHALLENGE IS
THAT THERE ARE MANY MORE PLACES
IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH
AFRICA FOR I.S.I.S. TO.
GO BECAUSE TO HAVE THE
INSTABILITY, SECURITY VACUUMS
ARE OPENING UP AND I.S.I.S. IS
CONTINUING TO SEEK STATE
BUILDING IN THOSE COUNTRIES.
>> Woodruff: YOU DON'T MEAN TO
ATTACK.
YOU MEAN TO GO GATHER RECRUITS?
>> TO GATHER RECRUITS BUT ALSO
BUILD STATES IN LIBYA, YEMEN AND
SOMALIA.
SO EVEN IF WE DEAL WITH THE
I.S.I.S. PROBLEM IN SYRIA AND
IRAQ, IT'S STILL METASTASIZING
AND GROWING.
>> Ifill: LET ME GOAL FOUL LOW
UP WITH JULIETTE KAYYEM.
YOU WORKED WITH THE DEPARTMENT
OF HOMELAND SECURITY SO YOU HAVE
A UNIQUE POINT OF VIEW ABOUT HOW
VULNERABLE AMERICANS SHOULD BE
FEELING IN ALL OF THIS.
>> AMERICA IS BUILT VULNERABLE.
WE HAVE TO THINK ABOUT NOT
REDUCING RISK TO ZERO BUT HOW DO
YOU REDUCE RISK AND THEN FORTIFY
TARGETS THAT MIGHT BE ATTRACTIVE
TO TERRORISTS.
BUT GIVEN OUR FLOW OF THE
COUNTRY, THE PEOPLE, GOODS,
IDEAS, THE KIND OF COMMERCIAL
ACTIVITY WE HAVE, WE'LL NEVER
GET IT TO ZERO, THAT'S WHY WE
HAVE DIFFERENT PIECES OF THE
HOMELAND SECURITY NETWORK WHICH
ALSO INCLUDES THE PRIVATE SECTOR
AND INDIVIDUALS ENGAGING.
BUT THE IDEA OF THE QUESTION OF
ARE WE SAFE, OF COURSE NOT.
WE'VE BEEN A VULNERABLE SOCIETY
TO MAKE US PERFECTLY SAFE AND
HAVE BAD CHECKS ON SUBWAYS.
WE'RE BALANCING THE DIFFERENT
RISKS AT VARIOUS STAGES.
>> Woodruff: APPRECIATE IT.
APOLOGIES ABOUT THE MICROPHONE
DIFFICULTY.
BUT WE WERE ABLE TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU WERE SAYING.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU RICHARD BARRETT,
HASSAN HASSAN AND, HERE IN
WASHINGTON, WILL McCANTS.
WE APPRECIATE IT.
>> Woodruff: BEFORE WE GO
TONIGHT, WE RETURN ONCE MORE TO
OUR HARI SREENIVASAN IN PARIS.
>> Sreenivasan: THE OUTPOURING
OF SUPPORT AND SYMPATHY
CONTINUES TO FLOW FOR THE
VICTIMS OF THE ATTACKS.
TONIGHT, WE SHOW YOU SOME OF THE
IMAGES OF THE IMPROMPTU AND
ORGANIZED MEMORIALS AND TRIBUTES
MADE OVER THE PAST FEW DAYS TO
THE PEOPLE OF FRANCE, SPANNING
THE GLOBE.
WE BEGIN HERE, IN PARIS.
(CHURCH BELLS RINGING)
>> Ifill: ON THE NEWSHOUR
ONLINE:
FOR 12 YEARS, PHOTOGRAPHER
LATOYA RUBY FRAZIER HAS BEEN
CAPTURING THE CHANGES IN HER
HOMETOWN OF BRADDOCK,
PENNSYLVANIA, A STEEL TOWN THAT
HAS FELT THE EFFECTS OF THE
-IRA.
IN HER LATEST PHOTOS, SHE TELLS
THE STORY OF THIS RUST BELT TOWN
FROM ABOVE, THROUGH A SERIES OF
AERIAL SHOTS THAT SHOW
BRADDOCK'S DECLINE AND THE ONES
WHO ARE LEFT BEHIND.
YOU CAN SEE THAT PHOTO ESSAY ON
OUR HOME PAGE:
pbs.org/newshour
>> Woodruff: TUNE IN LATER
TONIGHT, ON "CHARLIE ROSE:"
FRENCH PHILOSOPHER AND WRITER
BERNARD HENRI LEVY HEADLINES A
PANEL DISCUSSION ON ISIS, PARIS,
AND THE RESPONSE TO FRIDAY'S
ATTACKS.
>> Woodruff: AND THAT'S THE
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
JOIN US ONLINE AND AGAIN HERE
TOMORROW EVENING.
FOR ALL OF U US AT THE PBS
NEWSHOUR,
THANK YOU AND GOOD NIGHT.